Clarify licence and add CONTRIBUTING.md (#66)
thejpster/rust-measurements: README.md

* from_str
    * Allows creating measurement units from string input

## Licence

This project is licensed under the MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or <http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>).

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally

> submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the MIT
```
